update cor-asv-ann, docstruct, format-converters, ocrd_anybaseocr, ocrd_cis,  ocrd_detectron2, ocrd_froc and ocrd_pagetopdf (#457)
OCR-D/ocrd_all: CHANGELOG.md

  > * 3.8 typing
  > * self.reset at the end of process_workspace, del self.model in shutdown
  > * move models to root of package
  > * adapt tests
  > * rewrite with process_workspace and deferred METS modification
  > * rely on resolve_resource for model path
  > * use contextmanager to open pickled label mapping
  > * Merge branch 'v3-api' of https://github.com/OCR-D/ocrd_anybaseocr into v3-api
  > * remove redundant model-exists check
  > * CI: larger resource_class
  > * Merge branch 'v3-api' of https://github.com/OCR-D/ocrd_anybaseocr into v3-api
  > * pickle was ignored
  > * add model to package data
  > * reintroduce layout-analysis
  > * remove constants
  > * convert to src-layout
  > * remove old mets files
  > * remove pix2pixhd
  > * fix setuptools packages
  > * CI: remove references to models
  > * adapt cropper and test
  > * remove everything that is not cropping-related
  > * convert cropper to v3 API, setup.py -> pyproject.toml

### [ocrd_cis](https://github.com/cisocrgroup/ocrd_cis) [db65d7f](https://github.com/cisocrgroup/ocrd_cis/commits/db65d7f)..[5cf22f5](https://github.com/cisocrgroup/ocrd_cis/commits/5cf22f5)

> > Release: [v0.20.1](https://github.com/cisocrgroup/ocrd_cis/releases/v0.20.1)
> 
>   > * fix license classifier for PyPI
>   > * PyPI CD: forgot the actual build!
>   > * PyPI CD: use whatever is in dist
>   > * PyPI CD: strip 'v' prefix from git tag
>   > * add PyPI CD
>   > * :package: 0.2.0
>   > * add 'build' and 'help' targets
>   > * setup→pyproject
>   > * Docker: shortcut ocrd-all-tool.json via ocrd-tool.json
>   > * Merge pull request #5 from MehmedGIT/port-to-v3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release: [v0.2.0](https://github.com/bertsky/ocrd_cis/releases/v0.2.0)
  > * all: adapt to more Numpy and Shapely changes/deprecations
  > * get rid of remaining python-levenshtein (in favour of rapidfuzz)
  > * all: migrate `importlib` instead of EOL `pkg_resources` via ocrd_utils
  > * all: migrate to OCR-D v3 API (including METS Server and page multiprocessing)
  > * all: some code style, type hints and optimization
  > * tests: simplify, update, improve, test serially as well as page-parallel
  > * CI: ditch CircleCI, add Github Actions
  > * ocrd-tool.json: add `dockerhub=ocrd/cis`
  > * docker: add labels metadata conforming to spec
  > * docker: preinstall shortcut `ocrd-all-tool.json` via `ocrd-tool.json`
  > * `setup.py` → `pyproject.toml`, versioning based on `ocrd-tool.json`
  > * add continuous deployment for Dockerhub
  > * add continuous deployment for PyPI
```
